templates/basic-template/README.md, before:

<!-- Generated with cargo generate entropyxyz/programs -->
# {{project-name}}

## Running tests

`cargo test`

## Building the program

Get the necessary build tools with:
```bash
cargo install cargo-component --version 0.2.0 &&
cargo install wasm-tools
```

Then build with:
```bash
cargo component build --release --target wasm32-unknown-unknown`
```

The `.wasm` binary can be found in `./target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release`

## Building with docker

If you want to make your program publicly available and open source, and make it possible for others to verify that the source code corresponds to the on-chain binary, you can build it with the included Dockerfile: 


```
docker build --output=binary-dir .
```

This will compile your program and put the `.wasm` binary file in `./binary-dir`. 

## Generate Types

Types are meant top be posted with the program, it is how people know how to interact with your program 

```cargo run -p generate-types ``` 

Will generate two files that will hold both the aux_data_schema and config_schema

Commit message:

Add cli to template (#68)
* add template to cli

* update

* update .env

* clean

* generate types now lib

* generate types option

* add project root to store program

templates/basic-template/README.md, after:

<!-- Generated with cargo generate entropyxyz/programs -->
# {{project-name}}

## Running tests

`cargo test`

## Building the program

Get the necessary build tools with:
```bash
cargo install cargo-component --version 0.2.0 &&
cargo install wasm-tools
```

Then build with:
```bash
cargo component build --release --target wasm32-unknown-unknown
```

The `.wasm` binary can be found in `./target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release`

## Building with docker

If you want to make your program publicly available and open source, and make it possible for others to verify that the source code corresponds to the on-chain binary, you can build it with the included Dockerfile: 


```
docker build --output=binary-dir .
```

This will compile your program and put the `.wasm` binary file in `./binary-dir`. 

## Generate Types

Types are meant top be posted with the program, it is how people know how to interact with your program

They will be autogenerated when running store-programs, or you can run it manually

```cargo run -p cli generate-types``` 

Will generate two files that will hold both the aux_data_schema and config_schema

## Upload program 

The basic template is shipped with a cli to upload a program, after compiling the program then generating the types
you upload the program to chain. 

Create a .env file with two variables  

```
DEPLOYER_MNEMONIC="<Your Deployer Mnemonic>"
CHAIN_ENDPOINT="<Chain Endpoint>"
```

Then run
```cargo run -p cli store-program```
